We are going to King Rong Qin's Mansion
Poor
What? Are you scared?
Big brother said this
I overturned this Rongqin Palace
I, Gao Pu, can be promoted to the top
What's there to be afraid of?
What are the plans of the eldest son?
It's not difficult to deal with King Rongqing
Like what?
Paper stuffed in fish belly
Just write Zhou Chengwang Destiny Turtle
Then the fox spits human words
Just say that destiny is dying and other rumors
Hahaha, rumors have been fierce since ancient times
If this is passed down to ten
It's been passed on. It's been passed on.
This Prince Rong must not be shocked.
Paper stuffed in fish belly
Zhou Chenghuang's Mandate Returns
This is too cruel
Wonderful! Wonderful!
This move will unconsciously bring Prince Rong
Put it on the fire and roast it
A dog is a dog.
I'll do it now.
Well, now the imperial power is unstable
It's too risky
What's more, the hometown of Prince Rong's protege does not take money
If he runs away
It will inevitably cause a warrior
I have to think about it
I don't have any medicine for this either.
Otherwise
I can also have a good fuck
Hey
Hey, there's another day.
What is this?
Oh, did I misunderstand?
Big brother doesn't want this thing
The name of this object is He Huan
First class aphrodisiac
Only a few impurities are introduced into the wine
If you don't look carefully, you can't see it at all
But its efficacy
Jin Baoyu, this is possible
Hehe he is even more ruthless
It's called the Jet King.
Once the quote goes on
Stomach pain
Just start.
jet mode
The effect is immediate
What about this?
Made from mandala crushed and sun-dried powder
It is necessary to kill people
The effect is also very good
Where did you get these things?
Hey
As a stubborn child
There should always be something around
Brother, which one do you want?
Children make choices
She was hospitalized.
Then I
How could Mr. Zhao come in?
pick up
little girl
Liu Linger is the studio person of this Rouge Pavilion
I have heard the name of Mr. Gao for a long time
admired for a long time
How about today?
All the consumption of Mr. Gao in this Rouge Pavilion
Except for these four oaris
I'll leave the rest to the parenting
I just want to make friends with Mr. Gao
Oh, Mom.
Free of charge
Shopkeeper Liu is so generous
I'm afraid I have something to ask for.
Mr. Gao is really smart
The slave family has something to keep together
In recent years
Changan famous building only one after another
Although my rouge pavilion is an old brand
But it's all supported by these few oiran
The old customers are almost gone
You don't know what to do
But don't get me wrong, my lord.
Don't mistake him, Lord Xiaoruo doesn't want to say it.
The promise of parenting is also to do the same
That can't be difficult.
Just get a member's party flag for the guests
Recorded as consumption and storage of silver
The higher the rank
Benefits and permissions are better
Those who come to Rouge Pavilion are either rich or noble
They want status symbols
Once the rich compare
The money is coming
Haha, this saved silver
You can also start a stable small business
Plus, give these oaris more bonuses
If the service industry is profitable
Isn't it very dynamic
Thank you, my lord.
Hahaha, remember two more.
Hey.
The groom is so elegant
There is such a good place
Don't even call to play together
Isn't that outrageous?
Hey, two more friends, two more